1.9 Docs (#6891)
slint-ui/slint: docs/src/content/docs/reference/builtins/colors.md

---
<!-- Copyright © SixtyFPS GmbH <info@slint.dev> ; SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT -->
title: Colors & Brushes
description: Colors Namespaces
---

Color literals follow the syntax of CSS:

```slint
export component Example inherits Window {
    background: blue;
    property<color> c1: #ffaaff;
    property<brush> b2: Colors.red;
}
```

In addition to plain colors, many elements have properties that are of type `brush` instead of `color`.
A brush is a type that can be either a color or gradient. The brush is then used to fill an element or
draw the outline.

> CSS Color names are only in scope in expressions of type `color` or `brush`. Otherwise, you can access
> colors from the `Colors` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSS Color names are only in scope in expressions of type `color` or `brush`. Otherwise, access
colors from the `Colors` namespace.
```

Author: done

## Color Properties

The following properties are exposed:

### red
### green
### blue
### alpha

These properties are in the range 0-255.

Use the colors namespace to select colors by their name. For example you can use `Colors.aquamarine` or `Colors.bisque`.
The entire list of names is very long. You can find a complete list in the [CSS Specification](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-color-3/#svg-color).

> These color names are available both in the global scope, and in the `Colors` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These color names are available in scope of `color` and `brush` expressions, as well as in the `Colors` namespace.
```

Author: done
